Captain Nemo's underwater ship Nautilus
is equipped with the world's most atom
strep enly for the eighteen hundred's
including an electrified bullets but
near the end of the novel Nautilus's
warmed by a school of Alps which is the
French word for octo P it is almost
always translated as giant squid because
one power per in particular becomes
entangled in Nautilus's propellers and
the crew has to go topside and battle it
with axes harpoons and knives reached
thousands of education minded users
daily the Minotaur is a cross between a
human and a boar and the story of its
creation is a lot of fun Kane my nose
had a wife and queen named pacify who
and positon cursed with lust for a giant
white ball he sent to my nose island
Crete pass a fee would dress
provocatively and saunter past the ball
but the ball didn't care at all
one of this list as favorites the my
those surrounding this monster varies
with each tribe of the Algonquian
languages among which tribes are the
creek Oh jig way Montague nice and
others as cited on Wikipedia is the
Ojibwe description of the Windigo gone
to the point of emaciation it's
desiccated skin Paul taught the over its
bones with its bones pushing out against
its skin its complexion the ash gray of
death and its eyes pushed back deep into
their sockets the wound ago looked like
a gaunt skeleton recently disinterred
from the grave it hibernates for some
25-30 years and wakes up during some
horrible catastrophe or act of violence
it assumes a form of anything it wants
in order to terrify a human beings
especially children whose fears are easy
to manifest but it's most common
disguises as a cloud carrying balloons
that float against the wind it's first
seen as the infamous a scene in which it
stands up and rain either while little
George Eden burrow is looking for his
toy sailboat
Seiler is also one of the great stories
of Greek mythology but Homer whether man
or committee so popularized the monster
that we think of it in her marathons
the story is a metaphor similar to that
of Daedalus and Icarus for following a
middle ground and not varying too far
one way or the other
Fenris or Fenrir is a colossal shaggy
black wolf the offspring of loki got of
misschien according to the home screen
glow and the poetic and prose edges
Fenris will attack and kill Odin himself
the king of the gods
during Ragnarok Ragnarok is the Viking
Armageddon during which time every
single god and goddess will fight or die
in battle almost all human beings will
be destroyed in the turmoil and the
universe itself wiped out and recreated
anew by the all-father perhaps the
purest entry on this list in terms of
physical horror med user is the daughter
of sea gods for season Seto and in the
original version of the Maya those she
and her three sisters also snake-haired
and ugly always existed in their
monstrous form it's the late edition
popularized by of it in his
metamorphosis that gives Madhu's of the
backstory of once being so beautiful
that positon raped her in Athena's
temple hard to say which is more
horrifying the Balrog or Shabab the
giant spider or ungoliant from The
Silmarillion out of a desire not to
repeat an author twice this list shows
the Balrog and left she LaBeouf giant
spiders are definitely not anyone's idea
of something to hug but the Balrog is a
gigantic demon that can shroud itself in
undying fire and wields a massive
flaming whip and
gargantuan flaming sword it has claws of
steel and may have huge bat-like wings
of darkness the first of three major
villain is an anonymous epic pony he is
described as a descendant of Cain the
world's first murderer whose lineage God
cursed with atrocious physical
deformities Grendel is never physically
described in the poem except to say that
he is a horrific Reacher very terrible
to look upon he becomes enraged probably
by the people's loud carousing every
night in the mead hall of Europe and
proceeds to break and during the
festivities one night and well thirty
men he is a monstrous nightmare the
risen he is so horrifying is because of
Carole's masterful description of him
using Glen's portmanteaus he concocted
new words throughout his famous poem the
Jabberwocky to lend an air of nonsense
but with that nonsense comes fear we are
afraid of things we cannot sense when
the lights go out you look over your
shoulder at the drooling horrifying
monster you know is instantly panting
behind you
ready to strip the flesh off your bones